(DOCSP-39541) Consolidate logging page (#3273)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/api-details/swift/logger/logging-set-change-level-description.rst

For the Swift SDK, set the log level for the default logger with
``Logger.shared.level``. The :objc-sdk:`RLMLogLevel <Enums/RLMLogLevel.html>`
enum represents the different levels of logging you can configure.

.. tip:: Set the Logger Before Initializing an App Client

>   When you initialize an :ref:`App client <ios-init-appclient>`, the Swift SDK

Reviewer: One of the units of work for this project is to replace the language and SDK-specific ref targets with generic ones. So we can just use `sdks-connect-to-atlas` here, instead, since that's the one on the page.
```suggestion
  When you initialize an :ref:`App client <sdks-connect-to-atlas>`, the Swift SDK
```
